docs: update LarePass topics with new UI layout and upgrade process (#1809)
beclab/Olares: docs/manual/larepass/manage-olares.md

 ![Bluetooth network](/images/manual/larepass/bluetooth-network.png)

1. On the **Olares not found** page, tap the **Bluetooth network setup** option. LarePass will use your phone's Bluetooth to scan for the nearby Olares device.
2. When your device appears in the list, tap **Network setup**.
3. Select the Wi-Fi network your phone is currently connected to. If it's password-protected, enter the password and tap **Confirm**.

4. Olares will start switching the network.Once the process is complete, a success message will appear. If you return to the Bluetooth network setup page, you'll see that Olares' IP address has changed to your phone's Wi-Fi subnet. 
   ::: tip Note
   The process takes longer if your Olares was activated earlier as the network switch affects more services.
   :::
5. Go back to the device scan page and tap **Discover nearby Olares** to find your device. You can now proceed with [device activation](activate-olares.md) or device management as instructed in this document.

## View device information

> On the **Olares management** page, tap the device information area at the top to access device details, which includes the following information:

Author: ```suggestion
On the **Olares management** page, tap the device information area at the top to access device details, including:
```
